# cse340-spring-2025---project-3-solved



**<span style='color:red'>TO GET THIS SOLUTION VISIT:</span>** https://www.ankitcodinghub.com/product/cse340-spring-2025-project-3-solved-2/

Abstract

The goal of this project is to give you some hands-on experience with implementing a small compiler. You will write a compiler for a simple language. You will not be generating assembly code. Instead, you will generate an intermediate representation (a data structure that represents the program). The execution of the program will be done after compilation by interpreting the generated intermediate representation using an interpreter that we provide.

1 Introduction

You will write a small compiler that will read an input program and represent it as a linked list. A node of the linked list represents one instruction. An instruction node specifies: (1) the type of the instruction, (2) the operand(s) of the instruction (if any) and, for jump instructions, the next instruction to be executed (the default is to execute instructions consecutively in the list order). After the list of instructions is generated by your compiler, your compiler will execute the generated list of instructions by interpreting it. This means that the program will traverse the data structure and, at every node it visits, it will “execute” the node by changing the content of memory locations corresponding to operands and then proceeds to execute the next instruction after determining what that instruction should be. This process continues until there is no next instruction to execute. We have provided the code to execute the intermediate representation, so you don’t have to worry about writing it, but you should understand what the provided code expects from your intermediate representation.

These steps are illustrated in the following figure
